This page is still WIP
### 11.1. **Game Engine:**
*   Currently
	* Macroquad/egui
		* Pros:
			* Very little overhead.
			* egui lets me throw together UI programmatically quickly
		* Cons:
			* 2D ONLY
			* No overhead means all client-side state must be managed by hand.
				* This means that for there to be client-side prediction/smoothing of object positions/velocities I'll have to manually build that out.
			* Very little support - Esoteric tech stack makes running into dead ends very frustrating
* Future?
	* Bevy/Rust
		* Pros:
			* Already in Rust.
			* Can continue using egui
		* Cons:
			* Forces EVERTHING to fit inside an ECS framework.
	* Godot/C#
		* Pros:
			* Have some amount of experience
			* Can use its editor to build UIs and stuff.
		* Cons:
			* C#
			* STDB is still unofficially supporting it.
### 11.2. **Networking:**
*   Robust server architecture for MMO scale, authoritative server, lag compensation.
	* SpacetimeDB for primary game server/persistence.
### 11.3. **Database:**
*   For persistent player, faction, station, and universe state.
	* SpacetimeDB for primary game server/persistence.
### 11.4. **Scalability:**
*   Design for increasing player counts and universe complexity.
### 11.5. **Anti-Cheat & Security:**
*   Essential for an MMO.
	* STDB has row-level and table-level security.
	* The lack of column-level security has numerous work arounds.
	* If ALL player actions have to go through the server, latency is accrued but security should be secured.